## **Session 1: The Gauntlight**

**Rowan**, a human wizard, **Braum**, an orc champion, **Fact**, a dwarf Alchemist, and **Mirakk**, a Tengu Swashbuckler, were called by **Wrin Sivinxi** to investigate a strange light on the **Gauntlight**, a mysterious inland lighthouse deep in the **Fogfen** swamp. The party accepted the request and set off to the swamp. After navigating through the swamp, the party reached the _Gauntlight_ and encountered small creatures called **Mitflits**, who initially attacked them.
After a few encounters with the creatures, the party found their leader and was able to negotiate a deal with them, in exchange for some gems the party was to reclaim the _Mitflits'_ old home underneath the lighthouse that had been taken over by **Morlocks**.
The party agreed to help the _Mitflits_ and started to look for a way down to where the _Morlocks_ were dwelling.

## **Session 2: Exploring the Gauntlight**

After the 3 week break, the party noticed that the light house seems a big brighter and decides to adventure back into the light house. Arriving at the lighthouse, the party starts to go to the unexplored rooms. In the first room, stonescale spirits suddenly appeared. However with the brains of Braum and the intimidation of Rowan, the party successfully scared them away. The party goes to another unexplored room where they find the top of the lighthouse but the door is locked. There also seems to be a blood stain in this room that seems to be alive and bubbling. The party continues to explore and goes into the next unexplored room and find keys. The party also finds 2 secret doors. The party decides to leave the secret paths for now and continue exploring the rooms. In the next room, the party finds an altar. When the party approaches the altar, skeletons suddenly attack. After defeating the skeletons, the party sees more building in the back where they decide to investigate. The party sees a boat house where we see traces of other life forms recently. Then the party goes to the shed and see a ghost. The ghosts is vehemently saying they want shiny. The party decide to follow the ghost's directions and go to the room to retrieve the shiny. In the room, there is a cute bird puppet who asked if they are its masters. Fact says they are not and a battle begins. It was a rough battle where the party realized they all suck at hitting. (Mirakk panache, Facts punch, Rowans missiles) After the battle, we retrieve the shiny and interrogate the ghost who happens to be a fae instead? We keep the shiny thing and let the fae go. We decide to go back to town to recuperate.

## **Session 3: A bloody good time**

After taking one final small respite, the party is awakened by Wrin who warns the party to "Beware the Seven Fingered Hand" and tells them to return to the Gauntlight to uncover the terrible mystery there. Upon arriving to the keep, the party is met by darkness and is ambushed from the pool of blood at the bottom of the tower by a strange bloody facsimile of the "Lady of the Light". The party realizes attacking it isn't working and attempts other methods of dispelling the haunt, prompting Braum to use the power of his holy shield to exorcise it. After the exorcism, the party climbs the lighthouse to investigate the light at the top, where they encounter a vampiric cloud of bloody mist. The cloud wreaks havoc amongst the party, being nigh immune to Braum and Mirakk's efforts and greatly threatens Rowan and Fact's lives. A particularly nasty strike renders Fact unconcious. Despite his best efforts, Fact barely manages to cling to life as he crawls along the ground and attempts to staunch the bleeding. Though unsuccessful, he manages to hold on long enough to survive. Rowan manages to slip away from the mist and proceeds to blast the monster with Magic Missile over, and over, and over again until it eventually succumbs to the barrage. Upon the monster's defeat, the Gauntlight suddenly fixates onto a graveyard on the west side of Otari, raising the dead that lay buried there. The party quickly returns to Otari and are tasked with dispatching the risen dead. The Skeletons seems resistant to magical effects, but Rowan's lightning returns the Zombies to their graves with ease. Fact blasts one with with his crossbow as Braum and Mirakk dart between the undead, bashing and stabbing them one after another. As all of the undead fall, a strange spider-like creature is summoned by the Gauntlight's beam......

## **Session 4: Spider vs. 4 party members 👊**

As the spider-like creature is summoned, it attacks the party. As Rowan tries to distance himself from the spider, he seperates from the party. This however results in the spider rushing him and knocking him out. Exchanging hits from both side (spider and party), Fact ends up being knocked out too. After a rough battle with the spider, the party emerges victorious with a lot of injuries. Once the battle ends, the guards inform the party that the mayor had called for a meeting. The party goes to the meeting. At the meeting, the mayor voices his concerns about the monsters summoned from the Gauntlight. He commissions the party to investigate the Gauntlight and prevent it from shining again.

## **Session 5: OP leech, another doll, and the ghoul gang**

Exploring the space under the boathouse, the party comes across a giant leech creature coming from a torture device. While trying to fight it off, it bites into Braum dealing a ton of damage and then draining his blood for the _**entire**_ remainder of his health and almost fully healing itself. Through a feat of heroism, he gets back up only to be knocked down again by more of his blood being sucked. After a bit of misreading the leech's weaknesses from Rowan, the leech one-shotting Mirakk as well, and Fact picking them up with healing potions, Braum manages to shove the leech away long enough for the group to escape and close the door behind them.
After a brief respite to heal our wounds, we decide to go back down, but take the other path. Upon entering the 2nd room, we find a strange mirror that isn't reflecting us, but is reflecting a weird doll that isn't present in the real world. Despite numerous warnings not to touch the mirror by Fact, Braum touches it anyway. This initiates a strange battle of sorts where a now possessed Braum started attacking the group while a ghostly form of Braum explored the room within the mirror. We manage to delay for a while by tripping and restraining Braum, and ghost Braum manages to break some chains holding the weird doll in place. After a while, Mirakk decides Braum is taking too long and goes into the mirror after him causing his body to get possessed as well. Upon reaching the doll, Mirakk picks the lock on the last chain and they escape out with the doll in Braum's hand. They regain control of their bodies just as Rowan and Fact were being chased down the hall we came through.
The party continues down another flight of secret stairs found in the room with the mirror. Upon reaching the bottom, they come across another set of stairs going back up, a room with a weird white fog (that Mirakk describes as the "cum fog") at one end of a hall, and a closed door at the other end. Deciding that the fog is too ominous, they start sneakily peaking through the door to see what's in there, but they can't see much in the dark other than that there are a few pointy eared, bald things in that room. Braum sneaks past to play around with some mildew covered barrels in a supply closet, and (while trying to follow Braum) Mirakk and Rowan get caught. After a breif exchange of words from the creature and Mirakk squaking, a battle ensues where Mirakk and Braum do most of the damage, Rowan completely runs out of spells and has to bonk one of them with his staff for the killing blow, and Fact (after shanking one of the enemies in the back with his dagger) manages to crit one with his crossbow for 2 damage.
Despite ending the fight successfully, the sounds of other enemies can be heard coming toward them from the direction of a mysterious gauntlight colored tendril at the south end of the room.

## _**Session 6: Retreat**_

The party is immediately attacked the two ghouls and ghoul wizard that were standing around the gauntlight colored tendril in the library. After a brief engagement the party determines these enemies are too powerful to defeat at their current state so they retreat. After spending some time to recover the party decides to explore the other stairwell to the basement of the lighthouse, where they encounter a group of morlocks. The party is able to defeat most of the enemies, however one escapes and alerts its comrades the the party's presence. The party decides to retreat again, this time deciding to go back to Otari so they can rest and recover their resources.

## Session 7: Scary Encounters 👻

After taking a good nights rest in town, the party decide to go back to the basement of the lighthouse. They go back to the room where they encountered the group of murlocks. They decide to follow the path the murlock took when they ran away. While following that path, the door starts closing and robots start attacking them. The party destroys all the robots with Rowan's signature move - chain lightning. Continuing to follow the path, they find a broken robot. Fact successfully extracts a gear from it which looks to be valuable. While continuing to explore the area, the party encounters a room with traps and blue ballerina monsters. With the help of the traps, the party successfully kill all the monsters in this room. In the next room, the party find the morlock king. The morlock king hire them to kill a water monster. The party accepts his request (planning to get the reward then killing him). They go to the area the morlock king points to for the water monster. Looking at the ominous water, the party decides to explore the other areas first. The party finds a room with a magic circle written on the floor. The party decides this area is too scary and decide to explore another area. Exploring a different area of the basement, the party encounters morlocks. The party chases them down and kill them. But while chasing them down the party ends up near a spooky glowing door.

## Session 8: Braum, Opener of Doors

The party, still in the dungeon, continues to explore the many halls and doors throughout the Gauntlight basement, some hidden, some obvious, and some glowing (that one stays closed for now though). Braum opens one door that leads to a strange octagonal room, hosting the desiccated corpse of a large purple wurm and a glowing spiral of blue light. The longer they stayed in the room, they could feel their heartbeats thumping in their chests, so they quickly decided to go somewhere else. Braum opens a secret door spotted by Mirakk that leads to a strange skull-based mechanism, though its true purpose remains unclear for the time being. Yet another door opened by Braum, yet another mysterious room. This room's main feature is a large pile of bones that the party begins mercilessly beating until the bones begin spiralling into the air and reconstructing themselves into a giant skeletal monster. The skeleton almost goes down without a fight, putting in a single harsh attack before dropping. After opening another door, the party find themselves back at the ominous home of the Water Monster the Morlock King wanted them to slay. Braum quickly finds his warmth being sapped by an immense colony of brown mold and quickly backs off. Braum continues going around opening door after door after door, finding some members of the Osprey Club that Fact was sent to find, until Braum, in his door opening frenzy, makes a crucial slip-up and mistakes a sarcophagus for a door, unleashing a powerful, shadowy enemy. The shadow is upset by this, and mercilessly attacks Braum, stealing his shadow and turning it into another shadow monster as the party struggles to even hurt it. At this point, the party decides it is in their best interests to cut their losses and retreat back to Otari to recuperate and upgrade their equipment.

## Session 9: Demons and Lasers and Spiders. Oh My!

Starting their day of adventure, the team returns to the gauntlight to explore and get revenge on the shadow that hurt them last time. Before heading to the shadoo, they check out one of the doors they hadn't checked yet and find an ominous well with what sounds like a crowd of voices in it. They decide to ignore it and go fight the shadow creature. With the upgrades from returning to town, they find it infinitely easier than last time. After defeating the shadoo, braum's shadow is missing an arm, but they press forward anyway exploring the door next to the spooky one and finding a strange demon who immediately attacks. After a strange fight involving lots of locking the demon in a room with a flying bench, they decide to spare the demon in exchange for it showing them a memory of a man running into the room with the spooky door. On their way out, the demon asks them to keep an eye out for its contract which it could use to get out of being trapped in the room it was found in.
Following the demon fight, the adventurers check the double doors on the other side of the spooky door (cause fuck going into that creepy door) and find a hallway with a bunch of murals of the gauntlight destroying Absalom in various ways (from fire to earthquake to tsunami to zombie uprising). While trying to walk through, Rowan and Braum get suddenly lasered by the first two murals the walk past. The lasers almost kill them, but (after some healing from Fact) they press forward with Mirakk attempting to disable the rest of the murals before they fire more lasers.
After making it through the mural hallway, they come across a room with spiders and an abomination controlling them. They defeat him, but the abomination poisoned Mirakk and he almost died before recovering from it. They recover a fireball necklace and some other items from the webs in the room.

## Session 10: The Accident

Now that the spider monster was defeated, the party decided to finally open the spooky glowing door. The room turned out to be a bathroom, and inside was a glowing orb. Once the door was opened the orb began to float down the hallway eventually fading away as it went down a staircase to the floor below. Before following the orb downstairs the party decided to finish exploring the current floor.
First the party went to the water cave, with Rowan clearing the heat absorbing fungus to access to pool of water. Braum decided to boldly lead the way across water pool, and as the party followed him through the water the local water drake attacked the party. After a breif struggle involving Braum restraining the drake, and Mirakk destroying the struggling drake with critical strikes the drake was defeated and Fact harvested it's scales.
Continuing on the party ran into the Morlocks that requested the party to defeat the drake and thus proudly told them of their accomplishment. The Morlocks happy that the drake was defeated requested the drake head from the party as was discussed previously, as they said that Mirakk quickly ran back to the drake carcass and severed its head as fast as he could, providing it to the Morlocks before they noticed they had left without the head. As a reward the Morlocks gave the party a tour of the floor and inducted them into the Cult of the Ghost Queen, and told them they must kill the creatures on the next floor as new members of the cult. The party agreed but first decided to explore the last unexplored rooms of the current floor.
After exhausting all other places to explore the party decided to go into the room that had a horrible smell coming from it. In the room a horrific creature appeared from a pool of liquid in the center of the room and attacked the party. It immediately made a horrific screech alerting the Morlocks of the battle. The Morlocks joined in against the party as it turns out this creature was their pet. The battle was drawn out, but was eventually won by a combination of a horizon thunder sphere, critical strikes, shield bashes and a shanking.
From there the party decided to go down to the next floor, where they encountered a friendly ghoulified Morlock. After introducing themselves the party revealed they had 'accidentally' killed it's former boss the Morlock happily agreed to help the part find some library books the party was looking for. The party then began exploring more of this lower floor.
In the first room they opened down the closest hallway they found a mostly empty room besides a single couch, but before they left a giant red eye opened on the wall directly behind the couch.

## Session 11: NPC Murlock Ghoul Hero 🦸‍♂️

As the eye opens, Braum is filled with confusion while the rest of the party is enfeebled. After breaking Braum out of the confusion and realizing that the eye did not seem harmed, the party decides to run away. The party runs out of the room and closes the door. Continuing to explore the floor, they enter a misty room. In the misty room, they encounter a mist monster. Braum gets grappled by part of the mist in the room for the entire time. However, the rest of the party is able to batter the mist down and defeat it. Defeating the boss, the realize they've explored this part of the lighthouse before.
The party decides to go to the library again. When entering the library they see the ghoul magician talking to a mysterious humanoid that seems to be made out of bugs. The mysterious bug shape monster crawls under the walls dissapearing while the ghoul magician and its ghoul minions turns around to attack us. While fighting the ghoul magician and its ghouls, a mysterious cloaked figure with a mask watches us from the southern side of the library. Through the power of friendship, the party defeats the ghouls and the ghoul magician. When the party looks back at the southern side of the library, they noticed the mysterious cloaked and masked man was gone. Seeing there were no more enemies in the library the party decides to explore it. Our friendly ghoulified murlock hero assists Finley in finding some books for his quest. Meanwhile the rest of the party finds a locked door. Seeing a lock door, Braum instinctually tackles the door down. In the room, we meet a ghost librarian. The ghost librarian assists us in finding books. While finding these books, Fact pockets a few things off the librarians actual dead body. Coming back the librarian does not seem to notice. Propping the door back up, the party decides to explore the other rooms in the library. Opening the far east door, they find a ghoul that is transcribing tatoos on pieces of skin. Failing to deceive the ghoul, the party is attacked. Braum is the first to be paralyzed. Later followed by Mirakk. The situation looked grim, however our friendly ghoulified murlock hero steps up and pretty much solo kills the ghoul scribe. With the raggid state of the party, the party decides to go back to town and rest.

## Session 12: The One With a Single Combat

After resting in Otari, the party returns to the library to continue exploring. While making their way through, they encounter a group of Ghouls guarding a mysterious door. A large monster is allowed through said door, then leaves. The party steps out, but instead of combat, they are greeted by the Ghouls and brought through the door to a Priestess standing before a large, deformed, fleshy statue. Negotiations quickly go south, and combat breaks out. Mirakk begins slicing through some of the weaker ghouls before pursuing the mage, while Braum stands his ground to protect Rowan and Fact. Fact throws a devastating bomb onto one of the ghouls and charges the Priestess, distracting her, while Rowan uses lightning to take down the rest of the normal ghoul and finish off the magic using one. With all of the weaker ghouls down, the party turns their attention to the Priestess who ~~runs around like a bitch~~ knocks down Fact with a vicious blow and begins backing up around her statue and takes a bite out of it to heal herself. Rowan causes her to fall into a fit of vicious laughter while Braum stabilizes Fact. Mirakk and Braum then try their hardest to stop her from getting her hands on Rowan. Eventually, after a lot of shoving, tripping, and grappling, the priestess finally goes down.

## Session 13: The Floor Cleanup One

Upon realizing the party is almost to level four, the group decides to clean up things they haven't finished on the upper floors before cotinuing down. They first return to the surface floor to speak with the mitflit king (after retrieving the head of the morlock king). He admits that they don't actually have any shinies to give in reward, so the party charges him and his people with clearing the rubble from the staircase incase they need an escape route. Done with that, they go to take on the leech that had bested them before and clean it up with almost no damage.
This gives them level 4, so they continue on their cleanup efforts to the next floor where they find a room with purple tentacled fungus monsters. Upon slaying the first of the two, a side door to the room bursts open (releasing a vile smell that sickens most of the party) revealing two cancor cultists in a room of decaying flesh and bones who join the fight. Upon defeating the last fungus monster and slaying the first cultist, the seconds bolts away managing to escape the pursuing party. While pursuing the ghoul, they come to the room where they fought the boss priestess and decide to look around that and the attached room to the south. They find a good collection of valuable books and decide to leave them with their ghoul friend (I forgot his name) while they continue their adventure in looking to stop a sacrifice they know is happening tonight at midnight.
Despite running low on potions and with Feeble having died in the fight with the ghouls, Braum decides to keep opening doors that Fact believes are unlikely to get them to the sacrifice, so he finds another ghost librarian who demands the party help her transcribe some books. After failing to decieve her into letting them leave, a fight breaks out; however, the party decides they aren't equipped to fight a ghost and flee. Still lacking bombs for Fact, Braum opens another door to discover the escaped cultist and two of his cultist friends. A fight ensues and the party wins (ending the session).

## Session 14: The One Where The Monster Is Horrific

After defeating the ghouls the party continues on through a door on the south side of the room. They find a small stairwell leading to a cave where a horrific blobby mouth creature was residing. The creature attacked nearly defeating the group, but was eventually defeated. After recovering their health the party explored the cave a bit finding long tunnels leading around the structure of the dungeon.
Having explored nearly the entirety of the current floor the party decides to continue down to the next floor, and as they make their way down the stairs the glowing orb forms a sentence imploring them to destroy the Gauntlight.
Then as they open the door at the end of the staircase they end up face to face with Jaul Mezmin a man who was accused of murder with a major bounty on his head, Jaul appearing to be guarding the pavillion the party walked on to attacks, dealing powerful blows on each hit. Braum manages to push Jaul off the pavillion and into the water below, and before he makes his way back up to the party they decide they would not be able to take him on in their current state and flee.
Back in Otari the party rests up to prepare for the big fight, and then return to the lighthouse 2 hours before midnight.

## Session 15: Where is the Sacrifice ?!?!?!?!

As the party returns to the lighthouse, they search for the sacrifice location. As they head downstairs to search, they meet bounty hunters in the room with a big corpse statue. Mirakk with his dashing good lucks successfully talks to the bounty hunters without getting the party killed. He finds out they are searching for Jaul Mezmin. The party informs the bounty hunter of Jaul Mezmin location. As the bounty hunter leaves, they go to the river area where they met the fusion of flesh monster. They remembered there was a pathway northward and was hoping they could sneak past Jaul while the bounty hunters are fighting them. As they travel northwards they see the Jaul and the bounty hunters fighting. Jaul summons a wall of vine the block the party path. But the party successfully finds a way around. They keep traveling northwards where they find a big passageway. They see a mysterious door southwards and a big chamber northwards. They decide to go northwards. Upon entering the chamber they sense a fear of dread. 4 hands appear and start attacking them. Midfight 4 balls of light also appear to confuse them. After a long battle the party successfully defeats all the monsters. They continue to explore the chamber and explore east. They find a circular pathway of stairs that does not seem to lead anywhere. Rowan however seems to find a secret passage way that seems to lead to the living space of Belcorra. As they explore the rooms, a monster comes out of a portal and absorbs all the light. It attacks Mirakk and almost kills him. The party decides the monster looks too strong and runs away. They go back to the passageway and heal up. They head downstairs again as they think the sacrifice will be at another location.

## Session 16: The One thats ~~totally not late~~ with the big boss

On their path to the sacrifice, the party makes their way up a pipe and into a storeroom of sorts where they encounter a wayward spirit, which they quickly give a peaceful rest. In the next room, they found what seemed to be the site of a mass poisoning. As the party investigated, skeletons that glowed with an eerie blue light rose from their corpses. After dispatching the skeletons, the party investigates all of the surrounding rooms, finding an old note detailing some areas of the lower floors of the Gauntlight. The final room to the south has a locked door, which Mirakk moves to unlock before being shot at by a trap in said lock. Swifly dodging it, Mirakk returns to unlocking to door and cracks it open to reveal Volluk Azrinae. After a long battle filled with noxious mist, many insects, and lots of laughter, Volluk fell and the party was victorious. As he fell, Braum's face took on the visage of Belcorra, taunting the party about what is to come.....

## Session 17: Saving the Sacrifice Victim

Following the victory over Volluk, the adventurers patch their wounds and then proceed to search the east wall in pursuit of the screaming they heard. After finding the secret door, they enter a spooky room with the same gauntlight shimmer from the circular rooms above and a pedestal in the center with a manacled dwarf on it screaming in pain. Upon trying to remove the manacles from the dwarf, a flaming skull attacks the party nearly wiping them. However, Mirakk and Rowan close the fight and save everyone.
Mirakk begins picking the lock on one of the manacles while Rowan searches the room and finds the keys. Because Mirakk has been risking himself to lock pick the shackle, he declares that this one is his. So Rowan unlocks the others while he finishes picking that one.
The dwarf tells us who he is (Lasda Venkervale, son of the bartender for another tavern we have heard of but don't go to) and that he has been here for a year being tortured. He asks if we can help him escape and we agree to do so. On the way out, we come across a pixie-looking dude who is laughing at a book. Braum starts laughing which pisses him off. A fight breaks out. During the fight, Braum breaks down a door so the dwarf can escape and both sides get some good hits in before the group decides they should probably just come back later once they have their gear restocked. As the group is escaping, Braum steals the book the pixie guy was reading only to find it is a joke book that he doesn't find funny.
They search the rest of the floor for the now hiding ghoul friend (who hid in a barrel like Braum did that one time) so they can retreive the books they left with him and head back to Otari.

## Session 18: Reunion

The party heads back to Otari and reunites Lasda with his mother in the tavern. They then return to their tavern where Wrin meets up with them to bring them to a hill overlooking Otari, she asks the party about what they have encountered so far in the Gauntlight and helps identify their lantern. After talking and taking in the view Wrin brings them to the tavern where the town citizens have organized a party for the party, Braum recieves a shield from Lasda's mother and everyone discusses the ongoings of the town.
The party then spends a week of downtime before heading back into the dungeon where they explore some rooms found on the blueprints of the vaults, but not yet found by the party, while exploring they find many documents, including blueprints of the gauntlight, teleportation research, belcorra's journal, and a book read by belcorra the whispering reeds.
Then they return to the room with Chandriu Invisar, the overseerer of the library, where after a brief engagement convince her to move on to better places.
Finally, the party also discovers two infernal contracts, one which they brought to Karlach to find a way to release him, as a reward Karlach warns the party to be cautious of Urevian, another demon found in the vaults. After releasing Karlach the party returns to Otari.

## Session 19: Exploring the Library Floor

The party begins their day in town getting ready for the next trip to the gauntlet. The party sells their previous trips' spoils. Rowan begins crafting a staff and Fact begins crafting his repeating crossbow.
After the prep, the party goes back to the gauntlet to explore the unexplored northern part of the library. As they explore the northern part of the library, the pixie-looking dude the party had met earlier start attacking us with a few of his ghoul friends. The party kills the ghouls and some of the pixie's summons before the pixie disappears into a magical door. After the pixie disappears, the party keeps exploring the northern part. They check the right room and find a wooden statue. While checking out the room, the wooden statue starts to attack us. They kill the statue and heal back up. They explore the top room and it seems to be a mining/excavating room. They find a shiny pick in this room. They explore the final room at the left and find a furnace. When investigating the room, 2 furnaces appear. With the power of god and faith, the party exorcises the ghosts to a better place.
After they finish exploring the northern part of the library the party begins to go to the other unexplored part of the floor. They go to the weird eye monster room. As they get in the room, the party is enfeebled. However Mirakk is able to successfully just will/imagine the eye monster away. In this room we find a secret passageway. In the secret passageway, it looks like there is a ritual to summon a portal. Rowan opens the portal. While the party discuss what to do, Braum tackles into the portal.

## Session 20: Chains and Spiders and Airplanes Oh My!

After seeing Braum charge into the portal, the rest of the party swiftly follows, only to find themselves trapped in a hanging cage with the Chain Warden standing under them. Braum attempts to break open the door to the cage and succeeds with Mirakk's Help. The party quickly exits the cage and drops to the ground to confront the Warden head on. After a surprisingly short encounter, Rowan's Force Bolt brings down the fiend. Fact spots a hidden passageway leading to a dark cave where the party is ambushed by two Scalathraxes. Between Braum's shield and Mirakk's sword, the monsters are swiftly defeated. With their death, Fact seizes the opportunity and extracts valuable venom from their corpses before lugging the Warden's chains back to town to break down for resources. Upon arriving in town, the party rests and in the morning, they disperse to do their own activities. Mirakk and Braum get up to shenanigans, pursuing a strange flying white object while Rowan and Fact spend their day crafting various items. After their preparations, the party recruits Worliwynn to venture into the Gauntlight to bring Jaull to justice as Rowan is still suffering from an unknown ailment..........

## Session 21: Jaul and the ghost of Otari

We picked up entering the gauntlight with Worliwynn. Upon entering, Braum fails to jump across the collapsed bridge because he physically couldn't (due to his heavy armor reducing his movement speed). We then stumbled upon some cult-like people killing Mitflits in the main hall of the ground floor. We tried to stop them and ended up having to kill them. Continuing down to Jaul, we had a fight resulting in him surrendering and agreeing to leave with Worliwynn. We then explored the space to the south, fight along with a ghost against a flaming skull and two whisps. We ended that days adventure into the gauntlight by having a massive lore conversation with the ghost (whos name turns out to be Otari) who died fighting Belcora hundreds of years ago. He explains that we were correct in the inferences we made about the murals in the above floor's hallway and what the purpose of the gauntlight is. He also says that the gauntlight is becoming active again because someone is/has resurrected Belcora as a ghost. He then agrees to help us get through the barrier to the next floor, but we need some items first: a key of his that he gave us, a special sword from his companion Vol Rajani, a broach from Aesphna Menhemes (another of his companions), and the book from Zarmavdian that Rowan already has. We decide to go back to Otari to look into the sword that Fact remembered seeing in the town library and try to find out more about the location of the broach. Upon reaching town, we a large gathering in the center of town.

## Session 22: Fire at the Library

Upon arriving at the town the party finds that therte had been a fire at the library and the townspeople were gathering around to see what happened. The party was asking various people around the library what had happened when they noticed a paper airplane flying towards the docks. They decided to go after it and after a brief chase were able to knock it down and read the contents of the message. The message indicated that the writers of the message had stolen something and were planning on meeting up in 3 days to leave on their ship. With this information the party decided to split up and look for cluse, Mirak and Braum went to the docks to figure out if they could find the ship that they would be leaving on while Fact and Rowan went back to the library to see if the fire had been caused by the writers of the message in order to steal something. Mirak and Braum went around the docks and taverns to find any crew members of the ship, and ended up learning from one such member that the captain of the ship was planning on going to a 'book place' and the crew was there to get a shipment of logs. While that was happening Fact and Rowan were gathering information from the library, where they discovered that the Rosa Argentis had been stolen, a Sword of the original party to have defeated Belcorra.
The party then met back up to decide what to do next. Because it seemed as though these new arrivals to Otari were after the same artifacts the party is after, they decided to look for the broach of Aesphna Menhemes, the party knew the mayor descended from Menhemes so they decided to pay the mayoral manor a visit first. There they talked with the daughter of the mayor who takes care of the Otari museum and were able to find out that Menhemes tomb was located under the collapsed tavern. The party then quickly took off to obtain the broach before the other group could take it for themselves.
The party spent some time figuring out how enter the tomb, eventually making their way in and approached the sarcophagus within, Braum attempted to open the sarcophagus, but as he did so the ghost of Menhemes attacked and the party engaged in a brief battle.
After defeating Menhemes the party obtained his items including the broach.

## Session 23 Investigation:

Upon arriving back, the party heard information that the culprit of the stolen Rosa Argentis had been arrested. They go to the garrison, and the garrison manager tells us that it was the blacksmith that was arrested. Due to the garrison's interrogation methods, the party was not allowed to talk to the blacksmith. As the party left, they decide to go to the weapon store to investigate. Upon arriving at the store, they realized the store was empty. They decide to search for the daughter Amicia. While searching, they find out from a couple Amicia was seen with the mayor's daughter yesterday. They go to the mayors house for leads. At the mayors house they had reccomended looking into the library and crooks nook (the bar). The party split up for leads as Braum and Rowan goes to the library, Fact goes to Crook Nook, and Mirakk goes to the dock. Fact finds out that Karmin usually goes to a sea cave in the east which is a smugglers refuge. Mirakk meets captain John and may have gotten a part time job carring logs tommorow. The party meets back up and shares their information. After sharing their information, the party decide to go to the sea cave to investigate.
Upon arriving at the sea cave they find thieves with a blade. As we approach the thieves, they attack us. The party defeats the thieves, killing 2 minion thieves while capturing the boss thief. Upon catching the boss, we find the Rosa Argentina on him. Upon interrogating him we find out that he had stolen it from Amicia. Fact runs back to get Amicia in the cave. Upon arriving at town, we clear Karmins name, turn in the thief leader to the garrison, and taught Amicia a life lesson of not being a dumb ass. With the artifacts gathered, the party decide to go to the gauntlight and unlock the stairs downwards. Upon unlocking the stairs and heading downwards. the party sees some fleshy monsters and a gibbering gizzard.

## Session 24: Deeper and Deeper

Upon passing through the magical barrier blocking their progress, the party is met with a group of abberations guarding a large, open chamber. After an explosion-filled battle, the monsters fall and the party moves onwards to the east. Braum opens a door, and behind it lies a long chamber with a strange blue woman standing alone. The woman, seemingly a fiend, lashes out with chains laying around throughout the room. Mirakk charges forward, but a grate in the floor gives way and he begins falling into the pit below, but swiftly catches the edge and pulls himself up. The rest of the party follows behind and up begins to fight back against the fiend. Fact's healing and Rowan's shield keep the party alive while Braum's holy power and Mirakk's silvered sword make swift work of her. After dispatching the fiend, the party moved down into the south corridor and find rooms filled with strange medical equipment and ghosts. Braum discovers that the ghost is seemingly weak to the lights around the room, and shares that knowledge before being controlled by the ghost to attack Rowan. However, Braum resists the control just enough and his attacks barely miss Rowan, allowing Mirakk's use of the Hunter's Brooch and Rowan's Force Barrage to weaken the ghost, setting up Fact to land a decisive blow. The party then progresses forward a small bit before seeing the mysterious smiling man again, as well as a handful of menacing statues. After some deliberation, the party decides to return to an upper floor to aid the cleaning fiend in his job to free him from his contract......

## Session 25: LvL 6

As agreed, the group helps the demon complete his contract by cleaning the listed space and keeping it clean for 24 hours. They keep it clean by posting watch around the rooms and hallway and taking shifts. During the first shift (Braum in the hallway and Fact in the rooms), they are attacked by three ghoul looking guys. The group handily defeats them without making a mess in the assigned locations and successfully frees the demon. They then go back to town for some well earned rest.
The next morning, they are approached by the mayor asking for help. His daughter appears very sick and he would like the group to investigate as he believes it might have something to do with their exploration of the gauntlight. Upon medical inspection, it is determined that she doesn't seem to be physically ill (implying some sort of psychological issue is afoot). She has bruised wrists and has taken a sudden interest in playing with her young childhood toys. Seeking some more advice, the group visits Wrin who informs them about a ritual that allows one to invade another's mind which can cause the symptoms they saw in the mayor's daughter. Having no specifics on how to cure this issue, they decide to simply wait for more clues while they continue their exploration of the gauntlight.

## Session 26: The Hole

The party begins where they left off exploring the dungeon, immediately the party runs into a room that seems to have a few useful items, but as Braum grabs on to an axe things in the room transform, turning out to be mimics. The party briefly engages with the enemies before ultimately defeating them. The party then continues on until they find a strange room with two large holes in the middle of them, as they are looking around the room they are ambushed by two creatures, as the fight progresses Rowan is pushed into the hole and falls into a pit of water filled with sea serpents. Rowan manages to escape the pit before the serpents get him, eventually making his way back to the previous floor. As Rowan made his way back the rest of the party finished off the creatures. Regrouping, the party decides they have explored most of the floor and make their way to the spooky floor boss like area they saw on their first trip to the floor.
After fighting off a few Basilisks, they encounter the Smiling Man who invites them to fight in the arena. The party reluctantly agrees before stepping into the arena and encountering a horrific giant worm creature.

## Session 27: Another Letter

Stepping into the arena, a gladiator appears (5:21). Fighting the gladiator, the party ends up killing the gladiator. (46:25) After the fight, the party finds 3 loots on the arena floor. (49:15) They talk to the smiling man and he informs the party can come again to challenge the arena. (54:30) After leaving the arena they continue exploring to the right of the floor. The party goes through a door in the right. (1:01:05) Through the door they traverse through a hallway into a room with a lot of doors and a magic circle. (1:07:20) We open the first door clockwise in the room and find a hallways with 3 doors. We discover 3 bedrooms. While exploring the rooms, Mirakk remembers the 4th letter of dr.sdpbgdsojfbsdf. (1:10:08) We go back to the main room and find a skeleton creature. (1:18:11) After defeating the skeleton creature, the party continues exploring. The party goes to the next door clockwise in the main room. We find another hallway with another 3 doors (2:36:26). We open one of the doors to find a big slime. (2:38:58) Mirakk slashes the slime and it splits into 2. The party avoids using slashing damage and finishes off the 2 slimes. (3:20:00)

## Session 28:

After dispatching the slime monster, the party continues exploring the dungeon, finding a strange room with a door that has been barricaded and completely sealed shut. To open it, Fact uses his Acid to melt through the nails keeping the door shut, but when Braum opens it, a wave of despair comes forth and overtakes everyone but Rowan as a Mummy steps forward and thanks the party for releasing him and begins to question them. The questioning turns hostile and combat briefly breaks out before Mirakk talks him down from fighting. The Mummy reveals himself as Chafkhem and tells the party to go kill someone by the name of Jafaki, an alchemist and fleshwarper who helped in locking Chafkhem in the room. After a length conversation, the party goes on their way and decides that Rowan should awaken the two portals that they have found in nearby rooms. The first portal is opened, and the party continues to the second one. Once the second one is opened, Braum decides to quickly run through it, with the party following shortly after the make sure he is safe. On the other side of the portal, the party encounters a giant lizard that assaults them with sonic attacks. The party defeats the lizard and continues on exploring the level of the dungeon that they have found themselves on, finding a long hallway ending in a locked door. Mirakk slowly picks the door open, and inside the party finds a half-spider abberation and a strange worm covered in potions wielding a staff, who the party believe to be Jafaki. The monsters strike out as the party thinks about what to do.......

## Session 29: Flying worms and cat dates

The session opened with a fight with the Seugathi worm guy that Chafkhem asked us to kill (Jafaki) and his bodyguard spider guy who was hanging from the ceiling. After tanking a fireball from the spider and the Seugathi ineffectively confusing braum, the team retreats into the hallway with the lower ceiling to try to force the spider to come down from his 25 foot up perch. After some confusion effects causing friendly fire in the hall, the enemies are now close to the ground behind the door, so Fact runs up and opens them to give the team the ability to start fighting back. Braum charges in and grabs the spider to keep him from running away, Rowan slows the Seugathi, and Mirakk slashes the spider. Fighting continues with the Seugathi confusing people and the spider shooting them with his bow and spells. Eventually the party slays the spider followed by some feats of athletics and acrobatics by Braum to reach and try to kill Jafaki. Unfortunately, it keeps flying away, and Fact and Rowan are low on ammunition resulting in the party retreating for the day.
After returning to town, Rowan learns a spell and does some crafting; Fact does a ton of crafting including a breakthrough in the Drow Shootist strategy of using Lethargy Poison; Mirakk shopped and helped gather supplies for the departing wood trading ship; and Braum got roped into helping on a date which he later finds out includes the cat people that Rowan mentioned have slighted him in the past.

## Session 30: Betrayal

As the party wrapped up their various tasks, a fire broke out at the flume. The party rushed to the scene to help put it out, but when they arrived the fire had already been reduced to embers. Wondering how the fire broke out the first place the party started an investigation, and ended up deducing that the fire was started intentionally to get someone's attention, but the reason for trying to get someones attention was never determined, it could have been a distraction or as a way to prompt the flume stakeholders to do something.
Returning back the party started discussing what they think happened and what they were doing before the fire started. Braum eventually told the party that he went on a double date with the Irondew siblings. Hearing this Rowan felt betrayed and started accusing Braum of working with the siblings to sabotage him, and proclaimed that the Irondew siblings were definitely behind the fire at the flume.
After the fight Rowan went to map out the Irondews movements, while Mirak went to the tavern to look for clues. Braum had a meeting with his god and Fact did some more crafting.
The next day the party went back to the dungeon to finish clearing floor 5. They started in the top left corner of the map and found some flesh blobs that were holding on to a key. After defeating them the party progessed south and found two spirits fighting eachother and anybody that approached. The party determined that they could release the spirits by providing them a path to the surface, so that is what they did.
Once they released the spirits they found a locked box and inside they found a magic ring.

## Session 31: We meet again, Bye

After releasing the spirits, they continue exploring through another door in the room. Continuing exploring, they find a metal grate blocking a door. The party afraid of getting jumped while trying to get through has Mirakk squeezes through and scout the next room. While scouting the next room, he encounters a shade. The party manages to successfully defeat the shade, though Rowan loses his shadow in the process. The party tries to continue exploring by lifting the metal grates. However the grate seems to be too heavy for Braum to lift. While attempting to lift the grate, they hear metal clanking from behind and meet the metal knight from before. The party decides to jump down at the bridge and run away from him. After running away, the party decides to explore another part of the gauntlight instead. They go back to the infinite circle staircase and Belcora's secret room. While going through Belcoras room, they meet the voidglutton from before. The party manages to defeat it though sustaining some wounds. After rehealing they continue exploring the rooms and find a room with some intriguing items.

## Session 32: Battle of the Bands

After defeating the Voidglutton, the party loots Belcorra's chambers and finds a few magical items. The party then decides to return to town, reactivating any portals they find on their way back up, and take five days of downtime to craft and train. Upon returning to the Gauntlight, the party goes back to the porticullis and passes through, discovering a few old rooms including, after passing through a hidden passage, one that belonged to Siora, the shadow the party had fought previously. Next, the party finished exploring and found a cave-in that blocked their progress. Finding their only path left to explore blocked, the party heads down a staircase to the sixth level, finding a tavern filled with Morlocks and a Drider. Shortly after entering, a band goes onto the stage and begins performing. Rowan begins having a read-off with the Drider and Braum begins to pray, but they are interrupted by the Morlocks shouting at the party to challenge the band to a battle. Between Mirakk's backflips, Braum's strength, Fact's bombs, and Rowan's magic, the party emerges victorious from the battle of the bands and the Gravewalkers have become famous amongst the Morlocks.

## Session 33: Dune moment (worms)

After winning the battle of the bands, Braum decides to pray to his goddess who gives him a warning of dangers in the near future. The party then decides to explore past the south door of the tavern. The party runs into the worm researcher guy they saw during the arena "cleanup" fight along with some mecha-enhanced morlocks. Afterward they explore through a door in the west wall of the researcher worm's room leading to a hallway with lots of doors. Deciding that they would rather explore the formerly hidden path to the east so as to not expand the amount of "known of, but unexplored" doors, the group discovers the observation section of the room where they fought the sonic lizard creature. Exploring that observation area, they come across glowing runes carved in the northeast corner wall. Touching them to see what happens, Rowan happens to open a door to the observation paths for the pool area that Rowan fell into during a previous fight. Exploring the the northwest edge of those observation paths, they come to a door and behind that find another worm creature and a grothlut. They win the fight and decide to check out the pools as they had previously seen something shiny in the water when they were on the observation paths. While approaching the pools, they are ambushed by what appear to be stone dogs and a golem.

## Session 34: Tragedy

The fight begins with the dogs and the golem and it quickly turns in to a defensive battle as Rowan is nearly killed in one strike. However after speedy treatment from Fact the party regains their footing and starts to push back the dogs. Mirakk and Braum take down the dogs from the front lines while Fact and Rowan provide support. However just as the party felt the battle was turning in their favor two demons rush in to the battle and one quickly deals a critical blow to Mirakk, but luckily with the help of Fact dazing the enemy Mirakk is able to respond with a critical blow of his own killing the demon instantly. Meanwhile the other demon faces off against Braum who manages to defeat the enemy with the support of Rowan. After the two demons are defeated the remaining stone golem is taken care of and the party begins to regroup.
After Fact and Braum apply healing the the party they begin to discuss what to do next, but are unable to finish their plans as a hydra appears from the nearby lake attacking the party. The the party begins doing damage to the hydra which seemed to be having a minimal affect as its wounds would get healed soon after. Suddenly the room began to shake again and another hydra emerged from the lake near Braum. This spooked the party at first, but they decided to continue fighting after Rowan recalled the key of killing a hydra, removing each of its heads.
Luckily Braum was able to keep the second hydra occupied by blocking and tripping it, so the party could focus on the first already damaged hydra.
But then, just as things started looking up another monstrous creature flew in from the other side of the cave flooding the battle field with water. The party was able hold on for a bit, defeating both of the hydras, but the new creature proved too powerful, and just as the party made the decision to retreat it knocks Fact unconscious in the middle of the water filled battlefield.
Things began looking desperate as Fact was the sole party member still in the center of the battlefield with the creature, but Rowan managed to distract the creature with a spell long enough for Mirakk to meet up with Fact to feed him a healing potion and provide assistance.
However this distraction didn't last long enough as the creature returned to finish Fact off nearly as soon as Fact regained consciousness. Out of options Fact took one last fatal blow from the creature, and using his last ounce of strength stabs its eye out before telling the party to escape.

## Session 35: Hi, Jack! Welcome to the Gravewalkers

The party returns back with Facts body and holds a funeral. Despite planning it to be a small funeral, the whole town shows up and mourns the loss of an important member of the gravewalkers. During the funeral, Mirakk makes a hearfelt speech about Fact's achievement. After the funeral, captain long saddle comes in to request the help of the grave walkers. The captain had found a person on the beach and was hoping that the party could make sure the person was alright. The party goes to the beach and finds a person on a boat. They take him out of the sun, heal him, and do medicine thing to him. Afterwards the party takes his unconscious body to the tavern so he could rest better. In the tavern lobby he wakes up and informs us that his name was J(N)arishma. He decides to join the party in repayment of saving him. Jack goes up to rest while the party decides to prep for the next exploration in the gauntlight. The next day, they decide to head into the gauntlight. They go back to the glint in the water. Braum swims downward and finds an armor piece in the water. After finding the glint in the water the decide to explore the south side. At the south side they opened one door to find goop puppies. Braum feeds the goop puppies while the other party members find items in the room. After rushing out they continue exploring downwards where they find an abomination. They fight it and successfully defeat it though the majority of the party becomes stupefied. They decide to explore the keyhole room before going back to town.

## Session 36: FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT

Upon entering the locked room, the Gravewalkers find two pedestals with the same keyholes as the door itself and a shining stone. Mirakk uses the keys on the pedestals, finding that they function to open the doors to the north and south. Deciding that the room was mostly pointless, the party continues exploring the floor, finding a few miscellaneous rooms including a storage room with a haunted mirror and a smelly hallway with massage tables. At the end of the hallway, Rowan and Braum stumble into a sauna, finding a strange humanoid wearing a medal who calls himself Murschen. Murschen requests for the party to arrange a fight for him with someone by the name of Vischari, who is some type of manager in the bar. Rowan is unable to convince Vischari to fight Murschen at first, so the party goes to ask what Murschen can give to make her willing to fight him. After some back and forth, Murschen ends up victorious and becomes the new manager of the bar, giving the party their spoils for helping him. On top of that, the party gains access to the "special meat in the back room", which turns out to be three captives being held for various reasons. In the back of the storage room, Narishma and Braum find a portal room, which Rowan moves to activate. As Rowan is activating the portal, Braum enters a room filled with spores to collect a strange potion, and has a drawn out coughing fit as a result of grabbing it. Afterwards, Narishma heals and frees the middle captive, an old gnome named Glashdrumdur, and talks to him about why they were here. Eventually, an hour passes and the portal is opened, allowing the captives to escape safely. Once the prisoners have escaped, the Gravewalkers return to town, where they quickly fall asleep after a bit of selling and crafting and talking. Just like the previous night, a strange figure creeps upstairs, this time into Rowan and Narishma's room, where it whispers into Rowan's dreams "The Motley Man calls you to the war room"; in the other room, Braum receives a strange note telling him to meet someone named Em tomorrow in the graveyard during the witching hour.

## Session 37: Town stuff

Mirakk starts fishing and ends up in a fishing competition with the cat man Rowan hates (who Mirakk doesn't know/recognize) which leads to him fishing up a weird gun-shaped thing made of seashells and seaweed which is later identified by Narishma and Braum as a Torrent Spellgun.
Meanwhile, Narishma & Braum head to the library to search for the previously mentioned "man in bright colors who takes hands" and cat people's preferences of flowers respectively. Braum discovers that cat people prefer Yellow Honeysuckle.
While in the library, they come across the mayor and his daughter who are talking to the librarian. As this is the first time Narishma has been near them, Braum decides to introduce them to him. The mayor asks Braum to try and heal his daughter, but it doesn't seem to work. Seeing that something magical must be blocking the magical healing, Narishma asks them to wait while he gets Rowan to try and identify the magic so he can dispel it. While Narishma brings Rowan to the library, Rowan spots the cat man fishing with Mirakk, but Narishma prompts him to keep moving. Upon reaching the library, Rowan is unable to pinpoint what magic is blocking the healing, but he identifies its level as 7th level magic and that more information can be gleaned by analyzing her dreams. As they are busy that night with helping Braum, they tell the mayor that they will try to come around the following night to do the dream analysis.
Afterward, Rowan and Narishma return to their room so Rowan can craft and Narishma can ponder where to get more information on "the man who takes hands". Braum goes to talk to Jala Highstepper (the farmer's guild head) to ask after some yellow honeysuckles, but they don't have any because of some weird crop failure stuff happening at the farms northeast of the town. After some consideration, they decide their best course of action is to look into the crop failures.
Upon reaching the farm, they see the cottage looks ransacked. Braum takes the lead as they start to head into the cottage; however, before Braum finishes his first step into the cottage, Narishma notices and calls out a tripwire attached to an urn. Braum deftly avoids the wire and slips over to check what's in the urn discovering a pile of snakes. After discovering this, the leaves and vines in the room suddenly form into a pair of plant creatures which starts a fight during which the snake urn is spilled and a tree that was adjacent to the house transformed into a wood creature. After defeating those enemies, the party determined that those must have been the cause of the crop issues, so they return to town happy with a large bouquet of honeysuckles to prep for tonight's meeting.

## Session 38: A Romantic Date

Returning from the farm Narishma finishes his investigation into the man who takes hands while the others prepare for the Braum's date. Braum decides to head over to the date spot about an hour before 12 AM due to his eagerness for his date. He takes Mirakk with him so he could ask him for help if he needed it on his date, while Rowan and Narishma followed behind in secret. Braum eventually arrived at the graveyard leaving Mirakk at the gates to keep a lookout, while Narishma and Rowan snuck around the perimeter to get a better idea of what was going on in the date. Rowan decided they were still too far away from Braums location so he jumped the fence and hid out on a hill inside the graveyard to better see what was going on. Eventually 12 AM arrived and Emily was nowhere to be found, but Braum continued to wait. Eventually he realized 3 AM must have been the intended time for the date so he stayed around until Emily appeared about 30 minutes before the agreed upon time. After she arrived she prepared the spot for her date, and was surprised to see Braum was already there. They sat down and had an uneventful date promising to have another one at some other time, but as she left Emily messaged Rowan indicated she knew he was there.
The day after the date the party decided to head back into the dungeon and take on Jithaki. Arriving at Jithaki's lab they found the area surrounding the lab to be warped and somehow swampy despite being far underground. Opening the door to the lab they found a unstable looking Jithaki surrounded by some minons and immediately begain combat. After some initial back and forth between the party and the reality warping Jithaki Rowan landed a direct hit with a lightning spell weakening Jithaki, then taking advantage of the situation Mirakk finished him off.
After searching the lab and taking the useful items within the party continued exploring the floor before arriving at the arena and exiting on the left

## Session 39: Town Gameplay\_\_

As the party enters the southern room, they find a group of fiends. While fighting the group of fiends in the room, more fiends come from the top of the hallway. With the power of friendship, the party successfully defeats all the fiends. As the party discuss on where to explore next, they suddenly feel a chill and hear the clanking of armor. The party decides to run away and escape back to town. Upon reaching town. the party decides to restock on supplies and buy new gear. When night approaches, they go to the mansion to investigate the mayor's daughter. While Rowan investigates he suddenly has a vision of stone chamber with pieces of paper that shows a crude map of Otari. With his magical mumbo jumbo they find out her condition was caused by a red ruby. As they leave the mayor's house, they see a light near the log flume and go to investigate. As they reach the log flume, they find Emily and Caleb.

## Session 40: On the Run

As the party creeps up on the Irondew siblings, Mirakk spots them seemingly performing some sort of magical ritual. Rowan, being magically inclined, identifies it as some type of ritual to light the log flume on fire. As soon as the ritual is completed, Rowan dispels it, forcing them to resort to using conventional fire before they begin their escape on a log going down the flume. Narishma stays behind to put the fires out while the others get on their own logs to give chase. As the chase approached the end of the flume, Caleb flew away using Emily's magic while she went invisible and seemingly left. Partially defeated, the party reports what happened to Klorte at the mill, then splits up for their own tasks to end the night. Rowan files a proper report about what happened with the town guards, Mirakk writes a letter to any Firebrands in Absalom about the attack on Otari, Braum goes to check the tavern where the siblings were staying, and Narishma goes to sleep. After a night of rest, the party returns to the Gauntlight to venture deeper than ever before, finding more flaming skulls, much like the one that nearly defeated them a few floors above....

## Session 41: "Fact: The musical"

The session opens with the party being attacked by a pair of will-o'-wisps. Through powerful strikes from Mirakk and big heals from Narishma and Braum, the party powers through. Afterward, the party opens a door to find a dangerously dehydrated tiefling hanging upside down from some manacles in what appears to be a cell. Braum and Narishma remember her as being on a poster advertising for an opera while Rowan remembers her from a wanted poster. They end up bringing her out of the gauntlight through the teleportation pads. Afterward, they continue to explore the floor finding an empty cell, an octangular room that ends in a pointed roof with a blood red light at the top placing a perfect red circle on the floor of the room. They continue through the room to the southern door where they find a bunch of Dreshkan and two fleshy guys. They turn out to be a broadway style musical group led by a demonoid guy named Urevian who play their play which turns out to be about Fact. After doing their show, they put the group on a quest to collect fragments of Urevian's pendant (which may or may not be connected to a soul), and then leave through a pentagram marked door. The group then decides to activate the gem for finding Doriana's tormentor. Following it's direction, the group ends up back in the octagon room where they proceed to explore south entering conflict in a barracks-like room. After the fight, Mirakk confirms the general location of the guy while the others heal and repair. The group then explores the cells including a single closed door room with a ton of cobwebs and a mysterious ghostly voice telling them to "get out"...

## Session 42: I smell a RAT!

As the party is continuing to explore the cells, Braum decides to pull on some manacles in the room, which opens a hallway filled with more doors. Braum goes down the hallway to open another door, but upon touching the handle for the door, Braum and Mirakk fearfully decide that the door shouldn’t be opened right now. Instead Braum heads north to find the man in bright colors who takes hands. A brawl ensues between the party, the man, and his collection of hands. During the combat, the man runs to another room where Pedro, a ratfolk with a hand withered by the man, is laying in a stupor. Pedro joins the party to fight against the man and the hands. At the last moment before the man disappeared, the man cursed Braum and stated that “they would meet again.” Pedro replaces his withered arm with a prosthetic in the room, with some assistance from Mirakk’s and his chain sword.
The next room the party goes into is one filled with magical candles that Rowan picks up with his Detect Magic. The room next to that one is filled with creatures that seem to be stuck in time. As the party is looking over the creatures, a ghost flies out of a pillar and starts to attack the group. All of the party tries attacking the ghost except Braum who wanted to free the spirit instead of harming her. The group find out that the ghost’s body is stuck in the pillar and freeing the body would free the spirit, so Rowan miraculously has the perfect spell for the job and casts Shape Stone, freeing the spirit.

## Session 43: Spooks and Sparks

After releasing the fire ghost the party heads back in the direction they came from, passing by the door that had given them the ominous feeling earlier. The party decides to attempt one more time to check behind the door, but all but Rowan are unable to keep their composure and run away. Rowan pushes away his unease enough to peek through the door just long enough to see a terrifying specter of a head of a woman that resembles Belcorra and some stairs leading further down the dungeon, but after seeing the ghost Rowan slams the door shut and runs back to safety.
Then the party decides to head north, in the direction of the sound of a forge. on the way there they encounter a group of Dreshkan controlled by a fiend who ends up dying by his subordinate's hands.
Continuing on to the forge they encounter a demon with wings and two Barbazus who laugh at the death of their comrade, and then begin attacking the party. After a short battle the demons are defeated and the party resolves to head back to town and rest up for the next day.

## Session 44: Revenge, after the Fact

As the party heads back to town to rest, they encounter a corpse statue blocking their path. They engage in battle with the statue and are flanked by the flying fish monster that killed Fact. Despite their awkward positioning, they manage to defeat both foes. They return to town to rest. Rowan spends time on magical research, while the rest of the party goes shopping. Mirakk meets with the mayor’s daughter, receives a reward, and discusses training with Braum's old boss regarding his daughter’s future.
The next day, the group heads back to the dungeon. As Braum ventures into the red-lit area, he triggers a trap. Taking some damage, the party bypasses the trap and continues exploring. Heading north, they encounter and fight a demon drill instructor and his pets. Pedro snipes the instructor, causing his pets to explode. Though Mirakk is downed in the chaos, he is later healed and recovers from his injuries.
Among the spoils, they find the final pendant on the drill instructor. Additionally, they discover a secret room with a magical elevator. Rowan begins the ritual to activate the elevator while Pedro and Mirakk investigate the mysterious red glow in the northern section of the dungeon.
_How could you not name this “Revenge, after the Fact” _

## Session 45: Tea Time

While the party is waiting on Rowan to finish the teleporter ritual, they hear a voice calling out from the Gauntlight, offering a deal to aid them against Urevian. Said deal is swiftly rejected, but the party is then informed that they are being requested for tea time with Urevian in 40 minutes, only 10 minutes after the portal is opened. Upon arriving, the party sits at a table with Urevian, where another deal is offered to the party: Bring him a Rajani soul in exchange for passage to the next floors, as the only way through is either with his permission or his defeat. Mirakk and Rowan try to see if he's bluffing about those being the only ways through, but both find that he seems to be telling the truth. Upon being dismissed from Urevian's chambers, the party returns to exploring the floor to attempt to find an alternative route down. The first door that is approached houses a hulking creature with four arms who barrels down on the party, gravely wounding Pedro and injuring everyone else. The next door contains a small imp-like creature that serves Urevian, who quickly goes invisible. Rowan, however, has a wand that allows him to see the invisible imp and begin to talk to it. The imp offers Rowan yet another deal: Become lucky in exchange for serving for 100 years after dying. The offer is declined, and the party moves on to the northern door, containing a strange skeletal-looking devil. The devil forcefully compels the party to tell the truth, then asks two riddles before losing its patience and striking out. The fight mostly goes fine, except for Rowan getting attacked by yet another illusion of previous monsters before being brutally struck down in one blow. After the devil falls to Braum's spirit shield, Mirakk receives a message, saying that help might be provided, but a greater threat is out there somewhere....

## Session 46: Lava room shenanigans

After healing up, the party heads through the doors to the north and finds a room with a bridge to a circular, rune-marked floor over a pool of lava. While walking into the room, the party notices three Erinyes (angle demons) flying over the lava talking about summoning magic and a fight breaks out. Despite Rowan and Mirakk almost dying and Pedro almost falling in the lava when he discovered the bridge was an illusion, the party successfully defeats them. After the fight, they heal up and then head back to grab a note they saw under the circle platform. They decide to return to town after that and Mirakk reads the note to them as they walk. It is another note from Dr. Zacchaeus Quagmire III saying that the next one will be concealed within a very large specimen of basidiomycota near a ladder and warning about amphibians of unusual size (in the water?).

## Session 47: Batman Returns

After the group returns to the town, the group splits up to do their respective tasks. Pedro runs off to buy ammo. Narishma and Rowan goes off and gets a puzzle box to solve. The two finds that the riddle for the puzzle box is “Book” in Fae. Braum prepares for his date. Mirakk teaches the kid how to swing a sword and finds that the kid is magically gifted.
Braum goes on his date and his date flies away. The inn that the group is staying in is attacked by The Night Fangs Pirates. The group takes out all the pirate crew except the captain, Ulam. As the fight finishes, Narishma shifts into a werebat.
The party runs outside to see if there are more pirates and finds several werebats attacking the city with the leader being, Vondas, the Betrayed. The group fights Vondas and get Vondas low. Him and his werebats fly away, but Rowan and Mirakks persistent damage take Vondas outside of the sky into the sea. However, Vondas rises from sea and blasts the group with a lightning bolt and sails away.

## Session 48: Offer Refused

The party deals with the aftermath of the raid on Otari, and rest up + prepare for refusing Urevian’s deal for the soul of a Rajani.
The next day the party heads down to Urevian’s floor where they are attacked by an angry Urevian, already knowing that the party arrived without the soul he asked for.
The party battles Urevian and his spider constructs but Urevian had positioned himself perfectly to support his allies adding some complexity to the fight.
Eventually though the party is able to take down both the spiders and then Urevian and raid his tea room. There they find a variety of magic items and a family tree of the Rajani.
The party then decides to go down the newly accessible elevator, but as the elevator descends the rope breaks and they begin to free fall. As they are falling they are also attacked by a winged fiend which they are able to defeat just before they hit the ground of the next floor, allowing them time to react and break their fall. Unfortunately Braum and Narishma are unable to and take some damage as they slam into the ground.
The party takes some time to heal before taking a look at their surroundings.

## Session 49: Crab Gaming

The party starts off battling Belcorra's children. Early in the fight, Braum knocks one of the creatures into the water, where it’s swiftly devoured by a Froghemoth. Meanwhile, Rowan pursues a fleeing child, bombarding him with spells. After defeating the remaining children, the group chases after the one Rowan targeted. Following a grueling fight within a poison cloud, they manage to kill him. As they continue their journey, they encounter an older child and easily overpower him due to their numbers. Moving forward, the party finds that the only other paths lie across the water. Mirakk scouts the dock, but he's ambushed by three giant crabs. He barely escapes death as the party manages to kill one crab and retreats to safety.

## Session 50: Fungus Among Us

After their encounter with the Chuul, the party returns to the semi-safe room they previously found to take a breather and patch their wounds. Once they were feeling better, Pedro jumped across the water to the section where the Chuul ambushed Mirakk to continue exploring it and the rest of the party found their own ways across to join him when a disturbance in the water caused the party to retreat through a nearby door into a long hallway. Behind one door is a group of chanting humanoids whom the party leaves alone, and behind the next is a strange room with six alcoves filled with muddy water. Pedro investigates one of the alcoves, but in doing so alerts a group of Will-O-Wisps that strike out at the party. Once the last Will-O-Wisp falls, a terrible chill creeps comes over the party as Belcorra herself appears to blast the party with an incredible mental attack. After doing so, Belcorra taunts the party and departs, having nearly killed three of them. Passing through a mushroom-filled hallway, Narishma spots a secret door that leads to the tower of the main Gauntlight tower, as well as another secret exit to the tower into a whole cavern filled with more mushrooms, as well as strange green growths, thick webbing, and a few humanoid figures. Upon entering the fungus filled cave, two Drakauthix, gigantic balloon-esque spore monsters, ambush the group. While the party was distracted with the monsters, a massive spider dropped down from the ceiling, grabbed one of the Drakauthix and retreated back into the ceiling with it, leaving the party to finish off the remaining fungus fairly quickly. After the fight, a strange figure to the northwest spots the party and takes off its hood to reveal a medusa-like head as it readies its bow....

## Session 51: Hallway nightmares

The session opens with a fight against a medusa wielding a bow. Upon inspection, Pedro notices she seems to be under someone's mental control, but (not thinking about potentially saving her) Mirakk nearly kills her before the party works together to save her life. They then tie her up while she is unconscious, carry her back to a safe room, heal up the party, and then decide to have Pedro look around the fungus room while under Rowan's invisibility spell. While searching, he comes across some "land crocodiles" (Ghonatine) and an encounter ensues as they smell him through his invisibility. He immediately books it back toward the group passing under the spiderwebs. They follow after, and (just as they get to the edge of the webs) the spider descends and begins tearing into one of the crocodile creatures. As the party peaces out, the croc manages to escape the spider back to where it came from. The party decides to go back to try and pass through the cultist room they avoided earlier. Narishma notices a slightly hidden door that leads to a hallway with a downward moving staircase. They decide to leave that for later and keep exploring the rooms connected to the cultist room. Going south, they find what appears to be the cultists' barracks room. In it, they find a map of the local area and a small section of the floor at the bottom of those stairs. Afterward, they continue exloring south, walk into the captains room and find a woman who screams about them being intruders which leads to a conflict in which Braum is paralyzed for most of the combat and almost all the enemies explode. The party kills two monster things and one cultist before coming to a peaceful ending of the fight. At which point the cultists gave them a quest to get chul eggs.

## Session 52: Eggcellent Essences Everywhere

The Caligni ask for the group to grab one Chuul egg for each person that wishes to sleep. So, the party goes back down the hallway towards the swamp to fish out some eggs. Rowan uses his mage hand to pull out the eggs from the swamp, which upsets some Chuul, so fighting ensued. After getting grabbed and beaten down, the party flees from the angry Chuul to get some rest.
The party finally finds the chance to rest after a constant trek through the current floor. During their sleep, the group dreams of the Gauntlight and Belcorra. After fully resting, the group heads north towards cave to gain knowledge. A group of wights and wisps attack the group, but the group finishes them off with little issue.
The party finally reaches the cave to find a Gug with a disk in his hand as if he is protecting the disk. All of the group starts to meditate in the cave except for Rowan who sits outside. Those that accepted the knowledge started to lose their minds, but gained knowledge in exchange. The group learns about 3 lenses that can take down Belcorra when brought together. One is with the Gug, another with Yldaris and the last is with “the blood eaters.” As the group leaves the cave, Pedro touches a carrion and a creature pops out.

## Session 54: Narishma's Three Lives

In the foggy room, Pedro moves forward and notices a hazard in the middle of the room and warns the rest of the team. Listening to Pedro, the group halts before crossing the ridge. Suddenly, a dark, eerie figure emerges from the fog, chanting as it casts a spell. Blades erupt from the ground, forming a deadly wall. From the mist, a buzzing zombie-like drow charges forward and strikes Pedro. As Mirakk swiftly dispatches the drow, a swarm of buzzing insects erupts from its lifeless body. Despite killing all the enemies, Narishma is gravely injured and starts bleeding out but miraculously manages to survive the encounter.
After the battle, Rowan suggests using a locate spell to find the teleporter to the next level. The team gathers in the mushroom forest at the center of the floor to prepare. Once Rowan casts the spell, he determines the teleporter lies in the northwest direction. As the party moves toward it, they encounter a group of humanoid creatures with skull-like faces. Upon killing one of the creatures, it explodes, knocking Narishma to the ground. The remaining creatures leer malevolently at Narishma's unconscious body, clearly targeting him. Braum quickly heals Narishma, ruining their plans. Despite Braum's intervention, the enemies relentlessly focus on Narishma, bringing him down once more. Braum uses a healing potion to pull Narishma back from the brink of death. This time, Narishma manages to retreat to safety while the rest of the party eliminates the remaining foes. The group ends up battered but all alive.

## Session 55. That Sign Can’t Stop Me Because I can’t read!

After a brutal fight with the Urdefhan, the group retreats to tend to their wounds. The group decides to go back out to find the portal on the previous floor by going to any places that they didn’t explore. The group starts by going back to the room the Medusa was blocking. As they open the door, they find a Nilith messing with their minds. They leave the Nilith alone after a conversation with it to explore other parts of the floor. The group finds a hidden door, so Braum starts running at walls to find a hidden path to a Froghemoth. The Froghemoth absolutely smacks the group around, so the group retreats from the fight.
The group proceeds to one of the only places left that they haven’t checked. The Danger Room. The group enters the room and sees stalagmites and stalactites start to move and attack the group. It was only a room filled with Ropers. The Ropers get taken out and the group proceeds to the last place on this floor that they haven’t explored fully.
Pedro feels a bit of PTSD as the group goes to enter the rooms filled with the Ghonstaines. The Ghonstaines get taken out and the group finds the portal out. AND TO NO ONE’S SURPISE, Belcorra pops out… again.

## Session 56: Demontide

The party is caught by Belcorra as they attempted to open the portal, but she arrived just too late to stop Rowan, Narishma, and Pedro from opening the portal. Upon arriving in town and taking a good rest for the first time in two days, Rowan is awakened by a loud knocking as a large demon and an evil librarian are standing in the hallway.
After dispatching the demon, the party split into three groups to defend Otari from a demonic incursion; Braum and Rowan headed to the Crow's Cask to assist Magiloy, Narishma and Pedro went to Odd Stories to rescue Morliblint, and Miraak flew alone to Blades for Glades to aid Carman and Amicia. Each group encountered a small group of demons, and the groups of two dispatched their demons with varying degrees of effort before reconvening with Miraak to finish off the last of the demons. As the demons fell, the Gauntlight's glow slightly diminished, having used some of its power to summon the demons....

## Session 57: Election shenanigans

Following the conflict last session, the party meets up with the injured in an emergency medical camp set up in the library. The blacksmith and Caleb (the animal man) are the most injured named character, but otherwise nobody important seems to have been significantly hurt. After a brief conversation with <elf advisor woman>, Braum wanders off to find Emily, and Rowan follows him to ask her about some Alarm spells set up around the entrances to the library that he thinks are suspicious. After a brief conversation between Braum and Emily (in which she tells him Caleb was injured defending the local orphanage), Rowan asks her about the Alarm spells and she simply states that they are to ensure the people here don't get ambushed again after which he walks away glaring daggers at her.
Meanwhile, Mirakk and Narishma go to speak with the blacksmith where Narishma offers some healing to him. Mirakk then has a conversation with the non-incumbent mayoral candidate who gives him suspect vibes. He then asks Mirakk to join him for a speech (likely to imply we would be endorsing him) which Mirakk declines. Afterward, Rowan goes to speak with the incumbent to ask how the crew could help him win.
The crew then decides to split up and rally support for the incumbent with Mirakk approaching the blacksmith to try and convince him to swap his vote, Rowan and Narishma writing a speech for the incumbent, Pedro going to speak with Magiloy to ensure he stays his vote on the incumbent's side, and Braum generally intimidating people around the town.
Then there are speeches by the candidates during which Rowan watches for spell casting. During the challenger's speech, Rowan notices a spell being cast behind the stage, and (during the incumbent's speech) the mayor states that he is deputizing the blacksmith to use his family's heirloom sword in defense of the town and reminds the town that the party is here to help stop the gauntlight.
Following the speeches, everyone votes and then the party goes back to their rooms. Just as Braum and Mirakk are about to go to sleep, a paper bird lands on the window and starts pecking to get their attention. They open it and inside is a message from Emily telling them something is going to happen to the votes at the witching hour. The party decides to stake out the guard house (where the votes are stored) and eventually some people sneak in through a side entrance that was unlocked for them. Deciding that this must be the thing they were warned about, the party decides to have Mirakk enter through the front to catch any runners while the rest of the party follows Braum breaking down the side door to stop them. A fight breaks out during which three innocents appear to have been all but mind controlled by the mysterious helper woman of the mayoral challenger (Sophia) who announces she is a follower of nhimbaloth and a mysterious creature appears out of darkness who calls the woman "master". The mind controlled people are knocked unconscious, but Sophia and her demon escaped by teleporting away.
As Pedro brings the sheriff, the group finds a contract that Rowan translates to confirm that the demon was an infiltrator demon who was hired to help rig the election and the sheriff assumes control of protecting the votes, so the party returns to their rooms to sleep. The party then receives their ordered items as well as gifts from the mayor who is thankful for the assistance in the election and protecting against the vote tampering.

## Session 58: Big Fight

Big Fight

## Session 58: (After Big Fight)

After defeating the urdefan horde, the party looks around the camp, in the back they see a leaderish tent, and in a cavern there is a gnome in a cage behind a summoning circle asking if they can be released.

## Session 59: We Meet Again

The party frees Dobby the Gnome, and in gratitude, he reveals the location of some hidden treasures. Afterward, the party grabs the equipment from the undead in the previous battle and returns to town. The party sells some loot, buys new gear, and then heads back to the Gauntlight to search for the Lens. On the water floor, they begin exploring. Braum splashes his feet in the water, unintentionally drawing the attention of two fish creatures. They manage to defeat one, but the other flees. They cross the water and encounter the Ice Knight, who mounts an imposing ice horse.

## Session 60: Bird is the Word

The group goes to fight Calido and his ice horse when a Flesh Golem burst through the door, swinging at the party. After a scuffle with Calido, the group continues exploring the area that Calido appeared from. The group finds a room with several books about the Gauntlight, which turns out to be Belcorra’s room with a journal from Belcorra describing the lenses. In the room, the party finds a lantern that is meant to be used with the lenses, so they take the lantern with them.
The party continues exploring the area to find the portal out of this area, but continues searching for the lens before leaving. As the group was losing hope of finding the lens, the party sees a glint of hope across the water, which turned out to be the lost lens. Mirakk goes over to grab the lens, when a bird comes squawking at Mirakk. And so, the great squawk off began. The bird confuses most of the team into swinging at each other until the party finally got the bird low enough to run away. With the lens acquired, the party was about to head back up when Rowan’s book starts flipping to a blank page and begins to fill in instructions for a ritual to bring support to fight Belcorra.

## Session 61: Loot, Lenses, and Lragons

The party returns to Otari and spends their wealth buying a ton of new upgrades to their gear before resuming their quest in the Gauntlight, heading to the Gug who holds the Crimson Lens. The party cuts it down, claiming the Crimson Lens which then reacts with the Hunter's Brooch. Afterwards, the Drow mention to Pedro that there is a crossbow that he may be interested in, which was crafted by their leader and lost to the dragon in the Hunting Grounds. The party heads out to hunt this dragon, and after a short fight, escapes with a portion of its hoard as the Gauntlight's energies seep towards its corpse. Upon leaving the hoard, Belcorra's ghost wails eerily through a nearby wall, signifying that things are about to become more difficult for the party....

## Session 62: TO MANY WISPS

After having rested in the friendly area within the gauntlight, the party returns to town for a rest. Because of a spell on the new armor Braum is wearing, Braum refuses to take his armor off to sleep and wakes up fatigued. After waking up, Rowan realizes that the armor has that magic and decides to dispell it. Afterward, the party roams the town to get three townspeople that can cast spells (Wrin (primal), Vandy (divine), Morlibint (arcane)) to assist in a ritual to recruit rose guard spirit allies for the fight against Belcora. The party then heads to the gauntlight to scout a location to do the ritual deciding on the arena.
The party gathers in the arena with their townsfolk helpers to start the ritual at which point a giant creature appears from a portal to breath poison on everyone. While the townsfolk are protected by a magical force, the party takes a ton of damage. After a brief period of fighting the creature, another portal opens from which an angel appears having been summoned by the bird ally who was helping the party figure out how to do the ritual. The angel then engages the giant creature in a fight in the air above the party. Immediately following that, a SHIT TON of wisps spawn out of more portals and begin assaulting the party. After a lot of fighting and assisting with the ritual, the party completes the ritual which opens a portal that sucks the wisps and monster into it and frees the rose guard's souls from the lenses/bones.
Returning to town, the party heals up and gathers some last resources before returning to the gauntlight to hunt for Belcora. To begin their search the explore the northeast of the deepest floor they have found where they find giant stone doors that are locked. Mirakk uses Callido (armor guy)'s skeleton key to unlock them after Braum fails to bash them down. Upon opening the door, they find a golden skeleton in jewels sitting upon a giant stone throne at the end of an ominous hall with broken statues. The skeleton then stands up and points to another set of doors to the east.

## Session 63: Psychedelic Adventure

The party followed the skeleton to a strange room containing pipes and some door, where the skeleton indicates for the party to go through one of the doors on their own. In there they are ambushed by a Wraith and it's minions, but the party is able survive and survey the room. They look around to find some way to advance the trial, and eventually come across a room with a pit of lava in the center, as the enter the room magma scorpions crawl out from the pit and attack the party. Not wanting to deal with these creatures the party runs away to continue searching the area.
Eventually they find a secret door leading to a cave, which was booby trapped with a poison gas trap, but luckily Braum broke the party out of the cave before it was too late. Outside the cave they found themselves in a strange white room where the walls were shimmering with rainbow colors which messed with the party member's minds, as they looked around, they encountered the ghost of Fact and were attacked by a ghost at the same time, but Pedro was able to dispel the haunt by yelling at Fact's ghost.
Eventually they found themselves in a similar room to the one they were guided to by the skeleton with the skeleton awaiting them. This time the skeleton told them to jump through the pipes on the other side of the room which Braum did no questions asked, so the party followed him down, where they found themselves in a swamp surrounded by the giant crab things, which the party defeated.

## Session 64: The Final Countdown

The heroes find themselves trapped in the sewers, sickened from the stench all around them. Narishma proposes we figure out the valves to lower the dam, so the heroes figure out the direction the valves are supposed to be turned and looks around for the remaining valves. In the process of finding these valves, they come across an Angler fish? The heroes fight against the angler fish and it’s tricky clone while trying to open the valves.
The heroes finish opening the valves and head towards the new opening after opening the valves. An Isqulug pops out as the heroes enter the room and starts flooding the room. The heroes defeat the Isqulug before the room completely floods and swim towards the last room before disaster strikes.
As the heroes enter the next room, the heroes find Lady’s Whisper sitting at the end of the room with two wisps. Lady’s Whisper runs up to the heroes and places her hand on Rowan. She whispers into Rowan’s ear “Nothing personal kid” and Rowan vanishes from the room. The heroes try to fight Lady’s Whisper and the wisps and pray that Rowan is still safe – wait, Braum vanished and Rowan is back? Rowan switches places with Braum and the heroes continue the fight. Narishma blows up the wall stopping Braum from rejoining the fight and the heroes finish the fight… at least they thought it was over. Doom lingers over the heroes as the heroes are beaten and battered from the constant fights. Belcorra, the problem herself, appears before the heroes.

## Session 65: The End

Belcorra kills Rowan using Phantasmal Pain. The party close to death, flees back to town. Upon reaching town, they encounter Draven. Draven joins the party and they return to the gauntlight to avenge Rowan.
Upon reaching Belcorra, she summons a massive worm. The creature devours several party members (Draven and Braum) and spits them out, while Belcorra unleashes devastating AOE despair attacks. The party focuses on killing the worm. After killing the worm, they surround Belcorra,
After getting Belcorra low, Mirakk strikes Belcorra with the 4 gems, delivering the final blow. As Belcorra falls, a massive hole opens, causing the Gauntlight to collapse.
But instead of crumbling, the Gauntlight sprouts legs, with the 4 lens orbiting its structure, and begins marching toward town. A desperate battle follows as the townsfolk and the party unite to stop it.
Together, they destroy its legs and shatter the lens, securing victory.
